Title: Street in Cairo
Name: Graham, C.; Winters Art Lithographing Company; World's Columbian Exposition (1893 : Chicago, Ill.)
Date: 1893
Publisher: Egypt-Chicago Exposition Co
Location: Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books and Manuscripts, Rare Book Collection, T500.B2 S77 1893

Colenda Entry: https://colenda.library.upenn.edu/catalog/81431-p3dn4028j

Library Catalogue Entry: https://find.library.upenn.edu/catalog/9945548363503681?hld_id=resource_link_0

Given the information in each page in “Street in Cairo,” I decided that the most relevant pieces of information to include in my metadata included: page number, page description, color scheme, drawing description, notes on physical damages, keywords, and a summary of the content. I included the page number to make it easy to navigate the CSV and to make sure all following information aligned with the correct page. I included a description of the page to make each page easily distinguishable from one another, as the pages often followed the same format (text with red ink graphic or full page artwork). I noted the color scheme because the way the book was printed, using chromolithography, required there to be limited colors in every image. I wanted the color schemes to indicate this limitation and also help differentiate the pages from one another. By including a description of the drawings on the page, I was able to place emphasis on the red ink sketches included on the pages with text while having a space to also write a more in-depth description on the pieces of art present throughout the artifact. I noted any physical damages on the page to make obvious the age and wear of the book while also emphasizing the details that a viewer may miss while viewing the digital version as opposed to the physical copy. I included keywords to serve as a shortcut of relevant topics on the page, which I then supplemented with a summary of the content and text on each page. 

I used Apple's built in OCR technology to transcribe 15 of the 16 pages of my book (back cover contained no text). As I worked through transcribing the documents, I noticed a few issues and errors. There were multiple instances in which the system transcribed a comma as a period. Additionally, there were a few times in which a word in the image included a dash because that single word spanned two lines of text. When transcribed, the system thought that the word should include the dash in it. I also encountered a few layout issues: pages disrupted by images did not OCR cleanly and required manual reformatting. However, I was overall extremely impressed by the ease in which Acrobat was able to transcribe my text. I am not surprised, given that my text is in English, is typed, and is well-preserved and easy to read. However, I did notice that some types of media can cause problems. In my book, every page with text includes small red line drawings. In one of the pages, my system mistakenly transcribed part of the image as a series of numbers. In that way, the multimedia nature of the book can cause problems in digitization. Fortunately, I did not need to make more than four of five corrections across all 15 pages of transcription, as OCR was very accurate for my artifact. 
